NAME
      id3shit - commandline based id3 editor

SYNOPSIS
      id3shit [OPTION]... FILES

DESCRIPTION
    id3shit is a commandline based id3 editor that sucks a little bit less
    then the alternatives.

    It can read, write and strip tags, rename files based on the metadata
    and that's about it.

OPTIONS
      -t,   --tags    show tags for FILEs
      -i,   --info    show audio info for FILEs
      -s,   --strip   strip all tags from FILEs
      -w,   --write   write TAG DATA to FILEs ( -w artist Laleh )
      -g,   --genres  list all available genres
      -r,   --rename  rename FILEs based on ID3 data
      -h,   --help    display a short help and exit
      -m,   --man     display the manual

  'write' syntax
        write will take two arguments: the tag field to change, and the data to place
        there:

        id3shit -w artist Laleh

        Legal fields are ARTIST, ALBUM, TITLE, YEAR, COMMENT, GENRE and TRACKNUM

AUTHOR
    Written by Magnus Woldrich.

REPORTING BUGS
    Report bugs to trapd00r@trapd00r.se

    id3shit homepage: http://github.com/trapd00r/id3shit

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright (C) 2010 Magnus Woldrich.

    License: GPLv2

HISTORY
    The original id3shit started out as a way for me to learn some Perl,
    being teached by zibri (also known as The Perl Dude).

    The original id3shit project was founded because the authors were trying
    to strip tags from some mp3 files (a simple task, eh?) and none of the
    available commandline based editors worked.

    Zibri and trapd00r started hacking (this was my chance to learn some
    Perl from The Perl Dude) and soon we had a working version.

    Well, it was working, but it really sucked. Just like all the others.

    As of today (2010-08-17), I once again felt the need to edit some id3
    tags. I remembered id3shit and it worked just fine, but I had to check
    the source code, and man, it was fugly.

    All programmers are familiar with that cycle though, and that's a good
    thing. :)

